COM-EXP CPU `powersave` vs. `performance` mode (#320)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/icub_operating_systems/icubos/installation-from-scratch.md

  ```

## Further installation steps and configuration

### Mount via SSH

On the icub-head, graphics-based tools have not been installed (except the ones required for firmware interfaces) and it is better not to install them. Anyway, using graphic tools (like editors, file managers, etc..) is very useful and sometimes essential. Instead of running remotely a tool and displaying it locally (like we did in old PC104), we can mount locally the icub-head filesystem via SSH and run locally all the tools we need.
In order to mount locally the icub-head filesystem on your client:

1. install the sshfs package
  ```
  sudo apt-get install sshfs
  ```
2. create a mount point for the remote filesystem (eg.) `mkdir /home/icub/icub-head_fs`
3. mount the remote `/usr/local/src/robot` via SSH
  ```
  sudo sshfs -o allow_other icub@10.0.0.2:/usr/local/src/robot/ /home/icub/icub-head_fs
  ```

If you already set the passwordless SSH login, you can skip the password:
```
sudo sshfs -o allow_other,IdentityFile=/home/icub/.ssh/id_rsa icub@10.0.0.2:/usr/local/src/robot/ /home/icub/icub-head_fs
```

### Enable the CPU `performance` mode

> By default, the CPU runs in `powersave` mode, which causes critical processes to run somewhat slowly. Therefore, switch the CPU default mode to `performance` by following these [instructions](https://askubuntu.com/questions/929884/how-to-set-performance-instead-of-powersave-as-default).

Author: This is the relevant part.
cc @traversaro @davidelasagna @gabrielenava

> By default, the CPU runs in `powersave` mode, which causes critical processes to run somewhat slowly. Therefore, switch the CPU default mode to `performance` by following these [instructions](https://askubuntu.com/questions/929884/how-to-set-performance-instead-of-powersave-as-default).

Author: ```suggestion
By default, the CPU is configured in `powersave` mode, which causes critical processes to run somewhat slowly. Therefore, switch the CPU default mode to `performance` by following these [instructions](https://askubuntu.com/questions/929884/how-to-set-performance-instead-of-powersave-as-default).
```
